.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

> Please specify a **title** for your talk. / 請為講題下個標題

### Abstract / 大綱

### References / 參考資料

> Usually this section is updated when the talk is delivered. 講題講完之後再更新即可

- [slides / 投影片]()

### Preferences / 偏好

- [ ] Accept Livestream / 可直播
- [ ] No livestream, accept video recording / 不直播，但可錄影
- [ ] Prohibit video recording / 不可直播也不可錄影
- [ ] Prohibit photographing / 禁止現場拍照

#### Time / 演講時間

> The talk is usually 30 min with extra 10 min Q&A, specify here if longer or shorter is preferred. 一般演講時間為 30 分鐘與 10 min 問答時間，可註明想要更長或更短。


#### Other Preferences / 其他偏好請補充

------

> ===== Delete below when read.（下面看完請刪除）=====

## Example / 範例

### Title / 標題

A Tour of Ethereum Ecosystem

### Abstract / 大綱

簡單介紹一下乙太坊，接著提到近期非常實務但能見度不高的專案如：乙太坊時鐘、計算市場、 Oracle (TLSnotoary) 等，並說明這些專案的源起、用途、相關開發工具、以及建置測試鏈的方案。最後時間允許下會帶到合約安全的議題。 

### References / 參考資料

- [slides / 投影片](https://speakerdeck.com/changwu/a-tour-of-ethereum-ecosystem)

### Preferences / 偏好

- [x] Accept Livestream / 可直播
- [ ] No livestream, accept video recording / 不直播，但可錄影
- [ ] Prohibit video recording / 不可直播也不可錄影
- [ ] Prohibit photographing / 禁止現場拍照

Commit message:

add contact info and optionals

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

> Please specify a **title** for your talk. / 請為講題下個標題

### Abstract / 大綱 (Optional)

### References / 參考資料 (Optional)

> Usually this section is updated when the talk is delivered. 講題講完之後再更新即可

- [slides / 投影片]()

### Preferences / 偏好

- [ ] Accept Livestream / 可直播
- [ ] No livestream, accept video recording / 不直播，但可錄影
- [ ] Prohibit video recording / 不可直播也不可錄影
- [ ] Prohibit photographing / 禁止現場拍照

#### Time / 演講時間 (Optional)

> The talk is usually 30 min with extra 10 min Q&A, specify here if longer or shorter is preferred. 一般演講時間為 30 分鐘與 10 min 問答時間，可註明想要更長或更短。

#### Contact info / 聯繫方式

> Specified a way that co-organizers can contact you. 留下一個共同組織者能聯絡您的方式。

#### Other Preferences / 其他偏好請補充 (Optional)

------

> ===== Delete below when read.（下面看完請刪除）=====

## Example / 範例

### Title / 標題

A Tour of Ethereum Ecosystem

### Abstract / 大綱

簡單介紹一下乙太坊，接著提到近期非常實務但能見度不高的專案如：乙太坊時鐘、計算市場、 Oracle (TLSnotoary) 等，並說明這些專案的源起、用途、相關開發工具、以及建置測試鏈的方案。最後時間允許下會帶到合約安全的議題。 

### References / 參考資料

- [slides / 投影片](https://speakerdeck.com/changwu/a-tour-of-ethereum-ecosystem)

### Preferences / 偏好

- [x] Accept Livestream / 可直播
- [ ] No livestream, accept video recording / 不直播，但可錄影
- [ ] Prohibit video recording / 不可直播也不可錄影
- [ ] Prohibit photographing / 禁止現場拍照
